Assignment 1
The purpose of this database is to model data for a breakdown company.  Members must be registered with the company and each member can have multiple vehicles.

Task 1:
Create the following tables:
Member
MemberID(PK), varchar(10)
MemberFName, varchar(20)
MemberLName, varchar(20)
MemberLoc, varchar(20)
Vehicle:
VehicleReg(PK), varchar(10)
VehicleMake varchar(10)
VehicleModel, varchar(10)
MemberID(FK), varchar(10)
Engineer:
EngineerID(PK), int
EngineerFName, varchar(20)
EngineerLName, varchar(20)
Breakdown:
BreakdownID(PK), int 10
VehicleReg(FK), varchar(10)
EngineerID(FK), int
BreakdownDATE, date
BreakdownTIME, time
BreakdownLoc
Using the Alter command set the foreign keys
 
Task 2
Enter the following data
Member table – 5 records
Vehicle table – 8 records
Engineer table – 3 records
Breakdown table – 12 records
Have 2 breakdowns on the same day
Have 3 breakdowns in the same month
Have at least 3 vehicles that have broken down more than once

Task 3
Perform the following queries
The names of members who live in a location e.g. For example, London.
All cars registered with the company e.g. all Nissan cars.
The number of engineers that work for the company.
The number of members registered.
All the breakdown after a particular date
All the breakdown between 2 dates
The number of time a particular vehicle has broken down
The number of vehicles broken down more than once

Task 4
Perform the following queries:
All the vehicles a member owns. For example, Matt
The number of vehicles each member has – sort the data based on the number of car from highest to lowest.
All vehicles that have broken down in a particular location along with member details.
A list of all breakdown along with member and engineer details between two dates.
A further 3 relational queries of your choice that are meaningful to the company.

Task 5
Using W3Schools or any other resource research the following functions – Avg, Max, Min, Sum.  Explain with examples how each one is used.

Task 6
If a member has more than one vehicle, then display multi-car policy
Create a stored procedure which will display number of cars for any member whose first name and last name you are passing as argument while calling the stored procedure!

ZHKiz3LTk2B5oXSY ygeikie